Adding some more terms (#5)
jordan-cutler/tech-work-terms: README.md

41. Let's play it by ear
42. It's an interactive process
43. It's a fast-moving space

> 44. I'm committing this change so that you can locally test my work
> 45. The test is flakey
> 46. Let the feature bake for a week before ramping to 25/25 (variant could be "let the feature bake before rolling it out more broadly")
> 47. Did you gate the feature behind a decider?
> 48. Can you create an excalidraw to illustrate the system?
> 49. That's a non-blocking issue
> 50. Is this a P0?
> 51. This is just the happy path
> 52. Can you rubber duck this with me?
> 53. Let's rebase this PR
> 54. It's a cold start issue
> 55. Let's gamify the experience
> 56. Can you share a TDD for this work?
> 57. Where's the Confluence page for how to setup X?
> 58. The p99 latency of our service is increasing
> 59. bumpity bump on my PR (after getting ghosted on a PR review)
> 60. What's the SLA for X team to respond to my question?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
45. The test is flakey
46. Let the feature bake for a week
47. Did you gate the feature behind a decider?
48. That's non-blocking
49. Is this a P0?
50. This is just the happy path
51. Can you rubber duck this with me?
52. Let's gamify the experience
53. Is there a doc for that?
54. bumpity bump on my PR (after getting ghosted on a PR review)
55. What's the SLA for that?
```
